alright check it out here is the EVGA
for the win version of the p55
motherboard I've already reviewed the le
and the SLI and this is the for the win
very sweet feature-packed tons of stuff
it comes with the little where's little
bored little they caught the ECP v2 it's
a little debugging board it's got tons
of stuff in the box as far as like
little brackets and stuff tons of stuff
on the board i can t mean to tell you
but we should just get started before i
get carried away starting with socket
right there 1156 going to do all your
limb field stuff your 750 core i5s and
your 860 core i7s will work right here
on this socket also while we're talking
about the socket note that it does have
holes for both 1156 and for 775 which is
really cool things you can reuse your
old cpu cooler also while we're talking
about the socket i want to mention the
hardware as far as the very very nice
solid state capacitors 100's all-state
caps and 12 plus 2 phase pulse width
modulation where you can adjust the
switching frequencies in the bios i
think above 1100 kilohertz and it's
gonna give you very clean power it's
going to produce a little bit of heat
but clean power and that's very good for
overclocking especially with extreme
cooling you do have four dims right over
here EVGA specifies that these dims can
go up to 20 600 megahertz so basically
they're saying that you guys know how to
overclock so we're going to put 2,600
numbers on the on the box because why
not now basically will support 1333 and
1600 native but if you're going to
overclock it will go as high as you want
to take it at least 20 600 megahertz if
you had some pretty extreme cooling and
some pretty extreme memory to take that
type of frequency really good stuff also
you will note right over here this is
that little famous e that will light up
inside your board people talk a lot
about that for some reason they like it
I just think it's a light but hey lights
are important to also what's important
about this board is this right here pci
express lots of it you run x 16 straight
up or if you pop it into its going to
buy 4k down to x8 x8 of PCI Express 2.0
you can also add a third down here this
is for physics you can run a dedicated
physics card it's going to give you a
performance boost in physics games
basically if you want to know how much
perform
you get from a physics card turn physics
off and see what kind of frame rate
boost you get and that's type of frame
rate boost you'd get if you added a
dedicated physics card that's pretty
important to know also if you look right
over here a bunch of SATA ports there
are six right here so that's 246 and
raid 0 1 0 plus 1 and 5 as well so it's
a lot of raid options basically going to
give you a lot of versatility as far as
striping and getting some performance
upgrades or if it's for a workstation
you wanna be a little more redundant you
want to have backups you can do raid
raid 1 it's really up to you lots of
good features also want you guys to
notice look at the ridiculous bottom on
this thing starting from over here the
front panel connector but you will know
as you have three USB 2.0 headers which
is just rare that's a lot at six USB
ports you have a firewire header it's
also a little bit rare you also have all
the buttons for overclocking that's what
I use them for anyway clearing your CMOS
turning it on resetting it those are
very very nice you also if you notice
bio selector triple bios is ok we saw
the sli board from EVGA I would had dual
BIOS this is triple bios's that means
that you can you know you can backup you
can compare profiles you can make
separate profiles you can run three
different biases that's ingenious and
very cool also right over here you do
have an LCD poster that's pretty cool
it's going to give you post codes during
the post sequence and once the post
sequence has completed it will give you
temperatures of your CPU so you don't
need to really run software and tight
euro as it takes up you know memory and
stuff you can just literally look right
there that's very very nice another good
overclocking feature you have dual 8-pin
CPU power connectors that means you can
do 600 watts because they do 300 a pop
and you've two of them now you'll
probably never use it unless you're
using liquid nitrogen but anyone wants
to use liquid nitrogen you can
definitely use those to send more power
to your CPU moving on to the back panel
a lot of good stuff going on over here
trying for over here got PS two USB 2.0
CMOS buttons you got spdif in optically
of SPF and coaxial you have to esata
ports one in red and one in black
fashional people and this is for not for
the emo kids you got firewire 400 the
big one right there for USB 2.0 ports
dual Gigabit Ethernet and an entire
eight channels of audio with a very very
very nice controller on here basically
you're not going to need to have a sound
card if you don't really really really
really want one or have a really good
this is the alc 889 a chipset for the
audio very very good stuff also I will
go ahead and mention that on this board
I don't you can see it go on the back
yeah that's some really good stuff in
there they put a lot of gold in these
sockets for the for the win for
overclock and they put a very strong
bracket on here they have capacitors in
there that are incredible they have a
lot of really good stuff another thing
I'll tell you about it this board has
dual clock generators now I couldn't
tell you I don't know enough about the
55 tell you where they are pretty sure
they're inside the bg5 chipset down here
but that means that you have two
different clock generators one is going
for your PCI Express which and stay at
100 but then there's a separate one for
your CPU that's going to give you a
cleaner signal for your CPU it's gonna
give you a better overclocked and
overclocking is very very important on
this board it's basically what they made
it for and what they want you to use it
for 12 + 2 phase power for your memory
or CPU is not is not normal you're not
going to you know you're not going to
use that for not overclocking let's just
say that now this is really cool check
this out this is the ECP V to zoom in on
that come here check it out very cool
stuff first of all this has got your
it's out more buttons power and reset
it's got a clear CMOS jumper but here's
where gets cool pci express and able and
disabled jumpers let's say you have a
full water cooling loop and one of your
video cards breaks well guess what
happens you're in trouble yeah i take
apart the whole loop to get it to work
not anymore you pull that out pci
express slot gets turned off and then in
turn you can figure out which is the
card that's broken great for
troubleshooting also right here each one
of these gives you point 1 increase in
cpu vcore so start at you know 1.2 1.3
1.4 1.5 so on and so forth that's also
very
and then again over here same little
postcode device because you post codes
and after that gives you temperatures
that is very very useful when something
goes wrong it tells you right off the
bat if you need anything else also you
guys need to know as far as overclocking
goes you do have V drip control you do
have a dummy OC you do have the elite
tuning utility which lets you overclock
from the BIOS very easy to use works
very well really good stuff you have a
board here that is ending its laid out
they gave you every option you have
every advantage to maximize the
efficiency and the performance of your
computer with something like this as far
as overclocking goes as far as system
configuration goes keeping temps down
clean power I mean it's just incredible
board it's got all the features and
that's why it's basically except for the
classified their highest board it's for
the win and I concur with them really
really nice board the EVGA EVGA p55 the
wind board and if any questions on it
feel free to email me I'll see you guys
next time for more information on the
EVGA p55 for the wind motherboard type
in e145 dash 2074 into the search engine
of any of these major retailers for
computer TV I'm Albert
you